# File descriptions

* `gauss_ar1_0miss_datasets.rds`: 1000 simulated AR(1) time series with 2 covariates to mimic the basic structure of the GPP dataset. Each time series is stored in a list and named `y`. The parameters used to simulate the data are stored in a sublist called `sim_params` and include `phi` (the AR parameter), `beta` the linear coefficients for the covariates, and `X`, the model matrix for the covariates. 

* `ricker_0miss_datasets.rds`: 1000 simulated integer-valued time series generated using a Ricker population model with Poisson-distributed demographic stochasticity. Each time series is stored in a list and named `y`. The parameters used to simulate the data are stored in a sublist called `sim_params` and include `r`, the intrinsic growth rate, and `alpha`, the intraspecific competition coefficient.

* `Wytham_tits.csv`: A time series of great tit population size from Wytham Woods, England. The `Year` column indicates the census year, and the `Broods` columns indicates the number of broods counted.

* `au_sable_river_prepped.csv` A time series of gross primary productivity in the Au Sable River near Au Sable, MI, USA. (SOURCE?) The `date` column indicates the day in year-month-day format  when the observation was recorded. The `site_name` column gives this dataset's NWIS id number. The `long_name` column gives the dataset's long form name. The `Year` column gives the year in which the observation was recorded. The `DOY` column gives the Julian date when the observation was collected. The `GPP` column gives the gross primary productivity recorded on that day (IN UNITS?). The `ER` column gives the ecosystem respiration recorded on that day (IN UNITS?). The `light` column gives the amount of light recorded on that day (IN UNITS?). The `Q` column gives the discharge of the stream recorded on that day (IN UNITS?).  

* `badger_mill_creek_prepped.csv` A time series of gross primary productivity in the Au Sable River near Au Sable, MI, USA. (SOURCE?) The `date` column indicates the day in year-month-day format  when the observation was recorded. The `site_name` column gives this dataset's NWIS id number. The `long_name` column gives the dataset's long form name. The `Year` column gives the year in which the observation was recorded. The `DOY` column gives the Julian date when the observation was collected. The `GPP` column gives the gross primary productivity recorded on that day (IN UNITS?). The `ER` column gives the ecosystem respiration recorded on that day (IN UNITS?). The `light` column gives the amount of light recorded on that day (IN UNITS?). The `Q` column gives the discharge of the stream recorded on that day (IN UNITS?).  
